DDOS Attack:
-----------

                       A distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack is a malicious attempt to disrupt normal traffic of a targeted server,
 service or network by overwhelming the target or its surrounding infrastructure with a flood of Internet traffic. 
                         DDoS attacks achieve effectiveness by utilizing multiple compromised computer systems as sources of attack traffic. 
 Exploited machines can include computers and other networked resources such as IoT devices. From a high level, a DDoS attack is like a 
 traffic jam clogging up with highway, preventing regular traffic from arriving at its desired destination.
 
 TYPES:
 -----
 
 1.Application Layer Attacks:
 ----------------------------
                         Sometimes referred to as a layer 7 DDoS attack (in reference to the 7th layer of the OSI model), the goal of these 
  attacks is to exhaust the resources of the target. The attacks target the layer where web pages are generated on the server and delivered
  in response to HTTP requests. A single HTTP request is cheap to execute on the client side, and can be expensive for the target server to
  respond to as the server often must load multiple files and run database queries in order to create a web page. Layer 7 attacks are 
  difficult to defend as the traffic can be difficult to flag as malicious.
  
  2.Protocol Attacks:
  -------------------
                       Protocol attacks, also known as a state-exhaustion attacks, cause a service disruption by consuming all the available
state table capacity of web application servers or intermediate resources like firewalls and load balancers. Protocol attacks utilize weaknesses in layer 3 and
layer 4 of the protocol stack to render the target inaccessible.

3.Volumetric Attacks:
---------------------
                        This category of attacks attempts to create congestion by consuming all available bandwidth between the target and 
the larger Internet. Large amounts of data are sent to a target by using a form of amplification or another means of creating massive 
traffic, such as requests from a botnet.
